1. Consider a ticket counter in a railway station where the people waits in a queue for booking the ticket. 
   The person who arrives first in the queue can buy the ticket first and then the next person, this continues 
   until the queue becomes empty.The order of arrival of a person in the queue decides their chance to buy the 
   ticket.Write a program in C to implement an appropriate scheduling algorithm to calculate the average waiting 
   time and average turn around time,taken by the person in the queue for the booking process. Display the ghant 
   chart to represent the order of the person in the queue and also waiting time and turnaround time for each person.

2. (i)Consider an online delivery app, whcih delivers the product to the customers who have booked online. 
   The online delivery app always choose the nearest customer first based on distance for delivery and 
   then the next customer. Suppose if two customers are booking the product at the same time then nearest 
   customer will be choosen first. Consider the booking time as arrival time . Choose an appropriate 
   scheduling algorithm to deliver the product in an efficient manner.
   
   (ii)For the same delivery app for the frequent customer who is using the app will be given a discount 
   code and consider that customer is choosen with the code as highest priority that customer will be delivered first. 
   Write a program in C to implement two scheduling for case i and case ii. Display all the results on the screen. 
        
        
        
3. Consider a junction of road where 4 lanes meet at this junction, every often there is a problem of jamming of vehicles
   at this junction. To overcome this problem ,a traffic signal was planned to be installed at the junction, the operation
   of the signal is planned in such a way that the vehicles in each lane of the road will be allowed only for three minutes 
   and then it will be stopped . The chance will be given for next lane of the road. Write a c program to implement an 
   scheduling algorithm to illustrate how the vehicles cross the junction with a minimum waiting time. 
   Calculate the average waiting time and average turn around time. Display qhant chart and all results on screen
